Update Plumo docs and landing page (#6131)
celo-org/celo-monorepo: packages/docs/celo-codebase/protocol/plumo.md

### Generate your address

The first step to participating is generating your Celo address in a secure location.

* Download the `generate` binary corresponding to your OS from [here](https://github.com/celo-org/snark-setup-operator/releases/tag/v1.0.0-benchmarking.4).
* Run it in a command line - navigate in the command line to the relevant folder - and follow the instructions.
    * When asked to `Enter some entropy for your Plumo seed:`, you can use any source of entropy.
    * Make sure to save your passphrase - you will need it later.

> * Send the address generated to kobi@clabs.co.

Reviewer: should we create a special plumo@clabs.co that forwards?

Author: I think that would be awesome. Is it you who can create or should we ask someone else?

Reviewer: hmm its not me. the security team might know who does it

> * Send the address generated to kobi@clabs.co.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Send the address generated to plumo@celo.org.
```

* Keep the resulting `plumo.keys` file. Ideally, it will be stored in a location that's easy to destroy afterwards, such as a USB thumbdrive.

### Run the Contributor software

Next you'll download the `contribute` binary and begin contributing to the Plumo setup. 

cLabs is running the coordinator server, which has a list of approved participant addresses. Additionally, cLabs is running a few verifiers that verify contributions on-demand, allowing the setup to make progress.

> * After receiving confirmation from cLabs, download the `contribute` binary from [here]https://github.com/celo-org/snark-setup-operator/releases/tag/v1.0.0).

Reviewer: missing a `(` after `[here]`

> * After receiving confirmation from cLabs, download the `contribute` binary from [here]https://github.com/celo-org/snark-setup-operator/releases/tag/v1.0.0).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* After receiving confirmation from cLabs, download the `contribute` binary from [here](https://github.com/celo-org/snark-setup-operator/releases/tag/v1.0.0).
```

> * Run it as follows, assuming your keys reside in KEYS_PATH:
>     * Windows users: `./contribute-windows.exe --keys-path KEYS_PATH`
>     * macOS users: `./contribute-macos --keys-path KEYS_PATH`
>     * Linux users: `./contribute-linux --keys-path KEYS_PATH`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Run it as follows, replacing the env var $KEYS_PATH with the location of your keys:
    * Windows users: `./contribute-windows.exe --keys-path $KEYS_PATH`
    * macOS users: `./contribute-macos --keys-path $KEYS_PATH`
    * Linux users: `./contribute-linux --keys-path $KEYS_PATH`
```

Author: Not sure about this. Are env vars convenient for non-developers?

Reviewer 2: We could include a line that helps them set it eg.
`export $KEYS_PATH = "/mnt/plumo/plumo.keys"`

But no worries, can skip if more confusing
